Update the output of airflow info command in the doc (#31336)
mistercrunch/Airflow: docs/apache-airflow/administration-and-deployment/logging-monitoring/logging-tasks.rst

    python_location | /usr/local/bin/python

    Tools info
    git             | git version 2.30.2
    ssh             | OpenSSH_8.4p1 Debian-5+deb11u1, OpenSSL 1.1.1n  15 Mar 2022
    kubectl         | NOT AVAILABLE
    gcloud          | NOT AVAILABLE
    cloud_sql_proxy | NOT AVAILABLE
    mysql           | mysql  Ver 15.1 Distrib 10.5.19-MariaDB, for debian-linux-gnu (aarch64) using  EditLine wrapper
    sqlite3         | 3.34.1 2021-01-20 14:10:07 10e20c0b43500cfb9bbc0eaa061c57514f715d87238f4d835880cd846b9ealt1
    psql            | psql (PostgreSQL) 15.2 (Debian 15.2-1.pgdg110+1)

    Paths info
    airflow_home    | /root/airflow
    system_path     | /files/bin/:/opt/airflow/scripts/in_container/bin/:/root/.local/bin:/usr/local/bin:/usr/local/sbin:/usr/local/bin:/usr/sbin:/usr/bin:/sbin:/bin
    python_path     | /usr/local/bin:/usr/local/lib/python38.zip:/usr/local/lib/python3.8:/usr/local/lib/python3.8/lib-dynload:/usr/local/lib/python3.8/site-packages:/opt/airflow:/files/dags:/root/airflow/config:
                    | /root/airflow/plugins
    airflow_on_path | True

    Providers info

>     apache-airflow-providers-airbyte          | 3.3.0

Reviewer: Base Airflow does not ship all these providers. Do we want to include this huge list of providers here? 
When I create a new `virtualenv` and install `airflow` in it, I see only the below providers:
```
Providers info
apache-airflow-providers-common-sql | 1.4.0
apache-airflow-providers-ftp        | 3.3.1
apache-airflow-providers-http       | 4.3.0
apache-airflow-providers-imap       | 3.1.1
apache-airflow-providers-sqlite     | 3.3.2
```

It looks like like this list includes the providers that are additionally installed in your setup. Additionally, `apache-airflow-providers-yandex` is suspended but we're still showing it here. 

So in my opinion, it would be good to curtail this list to only the providers that are shipped with base Airflow.
We can wait for what others have to say.

Author: Yeah I got all these providers because I'm fetching the outputs from `breeze start-airflow` which includes everything I guess. I've shortened the outputs and only keep the logging part

    $ airflow info
    ...
    Apache Airflow
    version                | 2.7.0.dev0
    executor               | LocalExecutor
    task_logging_handler   | airflow.utils.log.file_task_handler.FileTaskHandler
    sql_alchemy_conn       | postgresql+psycopg2://postgres:airflow@postgres/airflow
    dags_folder            | /files/dags
    plugins_folder         | /root/airflow/plugins
    base_log_folder        | /root/airflow/logs
    remote_base_log_folder |

    [skipping the remaining outputs for brevity]

> The output of ``airflow info`` is huge so we only keep those that are relevant to logging configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The output of `airflow info` above is truncated to only display the section that pertains to the logging configuration.
```

Author: Thanks @pankajkoti . Adopted your suggested changes =D
